hey Mario Mario hey mr. Hubble what's
going on hey not too much but what's
going on with the headphones well just
checking out any song you downloaded
well I can see you're doing that but I
mean what's with the headphones you got
a perfectly good stereo right in the car
oh you know in this economy I don't
really want to invest in a new stereo
plus I like the way this one looks ok
you're right but you don't have to
change the radio out to list your iPod
this car is already hooked up show me
what you got
Oh mr. mobile you know I've had an ipod
since they came out I'm not really
interested in the FM transmitter thing
it just doesn't work now it really
doesn't especially in LA in Orange
County there's way too much crosstalk it
just doesn't sound good this is a much
better solution it plugs directly into
the Rabia what do you mean instead of
using an FM station this actually takes
the full sound range from the ipod and
reproduces it right through the car
speakers can I use the stereo controls
to actually manipulate the ipod yeah
that's one of the best part you can even
leave the ipod in the console or glove
box running everything through the
stereo as a matter of fact this car
which at steering wheel controls will
also control the ipod right from the
steering wheel now on some radios it'll
even display the artist and title right
on the front of the great day what about
charging the ipod that's beautiful too
unlike the plug in the the jack in the
cars right now we're using the
transmitter this will also charge your
iPhone or iPod so you're always ready to
go when you get out of the car can i
insult myself it's not really
recommended it should be professionally
installed the radio does have to be
removed from the car and reinstalled but
any elements location can do it in about
an hour we talked about the economy how
expensive is it that very expensive at
all like installed pricing this is under
three hundred dollars and like I said
it's about an hour to do the
installation and you're all i pottered
and ready to go is this for any car it's
for most cars on the road made after
2004 throw some cars that can't take the
direct neck but you know what dice even
has a solution for that well if it
sounds erotic and it's not that
expensive I can definitely use it I want
that well I got one for you I go to
witness calm and click on I want that
for a special offer and to win a free
pair at NPI 9200 head to whip night
accom to learn more about integrating
your ipod and car stereo and enter for
your chance to win a parrot mki 9200 Oh
Mario now we have a perfect solution to
write but I guess you don't need these
anymore those are my binos well I guess
you're being Ozer do a